Comparison of algorithms in multiclass classification of images
Automatic testing for Web applications
SQL Injection
Web application for online ticket booking for a travel agency
In-depth study and implementation of a faculty management system
Use of ontologies in e-commerce and their integration with that of modern web technologies
Web platform for online booking and management of properties related to the hotel sector throughout Albania
Online voting application, with security elements
Classify images using Deep Learning in Java
Breast Cancer Detection through Machine Learning
Development of microchips for technology under the skin.
Development and progress of marketing through websites and applications
Realization of an application "REIS STORE" for an electronics store.
Simulation of a virtual city
Creating a Web application
Systems Integration
Build an application to manage the inventory of products in a warehouse
Building a web application for managing a hospital's data
Improving encryption techniques to increase network security
Use of Arduino in robotics
Building an E-commerce Web Application
Creating a web application for online testing
Web application for tourists in Albania
Web application for free professions
Study and implementation of an OJF  management system in Salesforce
Taxonomy of IoT systems and the challenges of this technology
Design responsive websites and applications.
Quantum Computers
Use and identification of the face for taking absences of students in educational institutions
Detection of social distancing in favor of Covid-19
Online student and faculty management application
AWS S3 bucket access by a .Net MVC application and its analysis
Security aspects of Microsoft Azure Cloud
Internet Of Things application in automation of medical hardware devices
Creating a Web Application for Online Testing and Tasks
CMS platform for booking management.
Data aggregation in distributed systems
Efficiency of Web Servers in the Cloud
Study of the e-business system and analysis of a methodology for their security
Using Machine Learning algorithms to detect fake news
Classification of spoken language using Deep - Learning
Building a web application for distributing diploma topics
DNS, ENS vulnerability and analysis of a MITM (man in the middle) attack on the network
Technology Building in Finance or "Fintech"
Use of Machine Learning in Financial Data
Rebuilding of the FTI site
Building a Content Management system (CMS)
Web application for the management of the sale-purchase of real estate
Building a secure CRM system
Implementing a chatbot in the context of medical assistance
Building a web application for assessing stress levels and managing statistics
Building a web application for human resources
Academic Website
Building an Android application
Build a responsive Web application for ongoing student assessment
Development of a web application
Hotel management system Built in Laravel
Analysis of WDM optical networks
Authentication and authorization in Microservice
Optimization of Machine Learning prediction and classification algorithms
Interoperability of integrated systems and their efficiency in relation to traffic volume, resource management and security.
Optimization of Machine Learning prediction algorithms
Design of an MPLS, VPN and TE network by analyzing reliability and resilience
Construction of an "Alumni" management system
"Cloud", "Fog" and "edge computing" in the IoT industry
Web Application Data Management System application for sales unit
The revolution and trends of Web technologies
Malware Analysis, Implementation and Security
Exploiting vulnerabilities in Web servers and preventing them
System for managing sales in businesses
Web application for creating a management system in a dental clinic.
Security in data networks using Firewall.
Maven vs Gradle: A case study of building a web application in Spring Boot
Development of a Web application for the management of a dental clinic.
Development and implementation of Linkup - social network for communication and interaction between users.
Student data management system.
Development of the online restaurant reservation system.
Building a Blog Web Application using React, NodeJS and MySQL.
IOT and Smart City
Building an Animal Rescue web application using Spring and View JS.
Realization of an experimental CNN model and a DlIB model in the field of eye tracking to identify in real time through a test-application the symptom 'Short Attenion Span'.
Web application for managing a business.
Model predictive control (MPC) in urban road system for dynamic traffic lights.
Application of machine learning in test case prioritization in regression testing using Weka.
Microsoft Dynamics 365 business center as an ERP system and Integration with other systems.
Study and development of program for detection of semantic errors in SQL.
Implementation of Eduroam
Using NodeJS in distributed web processing.
Java performance testing tools.
Information security management system.
Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning techniques.
Online ticket booking mechanism.
Building an application for the management of a vaccination center.
Movie Booking Tickets App Android application
Web application for saving working hours
Web application for finding daily jobs
Creating a ChatBoT
Web Application, NFT Marketplace
Diploma Management System
Privacy and security of D2D communication
Web Application (E-Commerce)
Implementing a fingerprint security program
Web application
Planning and uses of microservices architecture in Web applications
Improving data privacy through the implementation of RSA in Steganography
Handwritten character recognition using Deep learning
System for managing the secretariat of a higher education institution
Web application for data management in the sport of football
Building a web application for listening to podcasts
Web application
Web application for creating cvs suitable to the requirements of applicants
Spend Smart Android app
Work process management system for a travel agency through the SAP ERP database
Application of Machine Learning for emotion classification on text data.
Application of Machine Learning techniques for sign language identification.
Security in database systems, Implementation of techniques for their protection.
Change data capture An overview of different CDC Technique for Data Replication, Real -Time Analytics and Data Warehousing 
Application of artificial intelligence for the protection of data privacy.
The application of the Random Forest Algorithm in predicting the final results in order to solve real problems
Building an AL web application with Social Polling topics using Cloud tools
Implementation of a CRM system for companies operating in the Call Center sector
Design and implementation of a solution for cattle health monitoring system based on Cloud technologies
Application of the genetic algorithm for scheduling tasks with the aim of saving energy
Migrating an application from monolithic architecture to hybrid CQRS architecture : A case study in Net.Core
Blockchain technology in electronic voting
Building a web application for listening to podcasts
A proposal of regression testing process in software development companies
Real Estate Website Construction
Analysis, Implementation and Security of systems against Malware.
Student attendance system using bluetooth technology
Development and implementation of a web application for efficient management of library resources and services
Building a system for online learning
Defense against cyber attacks
The use of machine learning and deep learning algorithms for sentiment analysis
Hospital visit management system
WebServer Attack Defense Practices via NSM
E-Commerce Web Application
Building an ETL using microservices on Spring Boot and Apache Kafka
Web Application (E-Commerce)
Creating a Web Application using .NET and REACT JS
Creating a Web Application using .NET and Angular
Creating a Web Application Using Laravel
Creating a recommendation system for music through the implementation of Machine Learning
FTI HUB
Analyzing a generative model and signal generation algorithms based on an urban context data corpus
Building a responsive e-commerce website
Churn Rate-Impact on Business
Attendance Monitoring System
Comparison of two machine learning models for predicting the success of start-ups
Arduino: Implementing a Keypad Security Program
Detecting fires and fires using Machine Learning
Mobile application for reading electronic books
Building a responsive web application for managing vehicle fines
Construction of a neutral convolutional network capable of categorizing X-Ray images
Creating a web application using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Java SpringBoot and MySQL
Building an Android application "Tirana Act" using Java
Web application on Cloud infrastructure
Standalone application for creating a lecture hall reservation system
Application for the distribution of teaching practices
Mobile application for tourist promotion of Tirana
Desktop application for the management of human resources of the faculty of technology and information at UPT
System for the promotion of professional services
Detection of text written in the Albanian language
Avoiding cheats in online games
Building a Web Application "Chat Application" using SPRING and REACT
Development of an Android application for Albanian travel enthusiasts (Albatros)
The use of machine learning for the detection of tumors from MRI
System for financing non-profit organizations
Book Reader and Notes App Web Application
Customer relationship management system
System for managing and generating evidence
E-Learning Platforms: The future of the world of education
Program for the development of plagiarism in diploma theses
Building an application for managing a hotel
Building a web application using PHP, Laravel
Electronic management platform for sports courses
Development and progress of marketing through websites and applications
Application of machine learning techniques for the prediction of heart diseases
Applications of Eye Tracking
Design and development of a functional and responsive website for an Internet Service Provider (ISP)
Security of computer networks in relation to Big Data. Challenges and benefits of Big Data.
Anime/Manga web application
Task management system in a company
Migration of a system from a Monolithic architecture to Microservices
Study on the Elastic Search search engine
Studying Silhouettes for Gait Recognition Using Deep Learning
Traffic light timing management through artificial intelligence
Ranking of universities using majority judgment 
Real –Time communication via WebSocket 
Automated Quality Assurance in a corporate software
The Management System of Health clinics in Albania based on the Laravel platform
Building a system for document management in public administration based on a NoSQL database
Study, analysis and integration of "Metaverse" in the real world
Artificial Intelligence and the impact on data security
Design, Implement and Secure Next Generation SD-WAN .
Information Hiding Techniques in Steganographic Images
Study of an IDS system based on machine learning algorithms
Performance comparison of VMWare and KVM virtualization
Study of Scheduling Algorithms in Cloud Computing
Improved door security methods based on fingerprints
The use of Deep Learning techniques for the recognition of the spoken Albanian language from audio signals
Artificial intelligence in city transport
Sentiment analysis of social network posts for informal Albanian through Artificial Intelligence techniques
Architecture of an ISP
Building a system for managing human resources of a corporation
Challenges of computer networks in Albania
Building a Web application for event management at the university.
Implementation of LVS for increased availability and load balancing in Web and FTP services with RHEL5.2.
Construction of a web application that manages electronic devices in order to monitor the safety of road transport by means of Angular and Spring Boot frameworks.
Building a Responsive e-commerce Website.
Rest API or GraphQL? API calls in a modern Web application.
Artificial Intelligence in Robotics.
Creating a Web Application using Spring Boot and Vue JS.
Development of a voting system on Blockchain technology.
Artificial Intelligence. The use of "Machine learning" algorithms for urban traffic management.
Creation of a Web application for managing vacancies in companies and businesses.
Web application for creating statistical reports of student grades.
3D structure generation of organic compounds dynamically.
Online sales application.
Implementation and configuration of a VOIP network.
Geo-social data extraction using the "SEED-DRIVEN" approach.
Building a Blockchain Application in Web3.0.
Web application for the management of Logistics and traffic of a city.
Development of an e-commerce web application in Javascript.
The Cyber Risk of Using Public Wi-Fi Demonstrating the Breaking of the CIA Triangle with a Denial of Service Attack
The study of peer to peer systems
2D game in Java for the Android platform
Employee management system
Predictive analysis of the impact of Albanians on the use of plastic using regression modeling in R.
StudentBook a web application for student time management
Analysis of greenhouse gas emissions and prediction of temperature increase with linear regression
Study of VOIP technology ("Voice over IP")
Mobile application "Personal tourist guide"
Hacking Mobile Android Platforms and Malware Traffic Analysis
Building a management system using the Django framework
Implementation of the Client Server protocol
Implementation of packet sniffing to monitor network traffic
Cyber security and techniques for protection against attacks against it
Cloud Elasticity
Web application connected to an external server that uses web-scraping and automation
Building a web application that combines a dental polyclinic with an online pharmacy
Best practices for protecting against a WebServer attack using NSM
Recommendation Systems
IoT: Security and data flows
Study of cache interference between virtual machines
Web application for tourists in Albania
Construction of a client-server web application that implements a chat system between clients with the mediation of the server
Web Hacking
THESISDONE: Development of a web application for the electronic processing of diplomas
Development of "FOR-TECH" web application with ASP.NET core MVC technology
Building a social application for travel management through flutter technologies
Wireless network security: Creating a rogue access point
Web application for the management of bars and restaurants in the city of Elbasan
Web application similar to AirBnb
Implementation of Text-To-Speech and Speech-To-Text Technologies using the JAVA programming language and the JAVA API
Web employment application for Albanians living abroad
Analysis and comparison of exception handling mechanisms in different languages (C, C++, Java, Python)
Conception of the database model and creation of the web page of the travel agency
Web application whose main purpose is to generate a test that provides information about which faculty is suitable based on the applicant's skills
Creation of a web application for a dental clinic
Building a system for managing online orders
Security in cloud computing and the implementation of a hybrid encryption algorithm
Development of a web and "native mobile" application for a Kickbox gym
Building a web application for autism
Android application (Smart Parking)
Web application for skin care
Building a Cross Platform mobile application
FTIuni, the teaching management system for students (Web application)
Building a chatbot in the Albanian language for the school secretary
Web application at the service of the Latin Dance Academy "Love & Dance"
Website for the sale of game accessories, equipment and video games
Continuous Delivery system on the Microsoft Azure platform
Cross-Platform mobile application
The process of building a game prototype using the Unity Engine
Construction and comparison of three models for predicting ratings through natural language processing
Building a web app for online testing of students
Building a robot that moves in a limited environment with obstacles
The use of "Data Mining" techniques for analyzing the level of criminality
Development of a web app for the management of a parking lot
A web application for an online forum
Transition mechanisms from IPv4 to IPv6
Exposure of an operating system as a relational database with high performance
Impact of Cookie Policy on Google Analytics
Wireless network security
The establishment of techniques for high availability that increase the efficiency of the performance of the use of resources in a data center using virtual systems
Application and comparison of CNN architectures for CAPTCHA image detection
Building a "desktop application" in C#
Analysis of the construction and implementation of an HRM (Human Resource Management) system
Implementation and management of a "Cluster" with high availability based on Hyper-V technology
Innovations and advantages brought by the digital currency Bitcoin, and doubts about it
Building a mobile application for android and IoS systems for parking in the city
The use of machine learning algorithms to predict the evaluation of hotels in Albania on the basis of evaluations for foreign hotels
Building a web application for sales management on the Oracle Application Express platform
IoT implementation analysis and security assessment
Analysis of malicious wireless traffic and interception of information exploiting its vulnerabilities.
Automatic verification of identity card credentials using Tesseract OCR and OpenCV in Python
Text classification through the application of neural networks
Comparison of machine learning algorithms for distinguishing anomalies
Detection of cyberbullying through deep learning in social networking platforms
Image Processing Using Python
Study of disk I/O performance degradation due to interference between Virtual Machines in Cloud Computing
Development and study of a Rule Engine system through the Reactive Programming paradigm
Creating a bike-sharing system using full-stack Javascript
Wireless Hacking and measurement of detected vulnerabilities
Security analysis in L2 and L3 layers and protective measures
The use of replication in MYSQL and PostgreSQL database management systems to ensure High Availability and Fault Tolerance
Old Mill android application
Synthesizing the speech in the Albanian language through artificial neural networks
Eventish android mobile app
Application for Virtual Cinema.
Using neutral convolutional networks for solving image-to-image translation problems.
Reinforcement and imitation learning in three-dimensional simulations. Comparisons and analysis.
Creating a game application.
Mental health web app Accessible to people with disabilities.
Recommender systems and implementation in a web application
Web application for Calendar Converter
Conception of an application for the management of an agrotourism.
Analysis and security in networks and web servers.
Mobile application for virtual book club.
Creating a web application for managing songs.
Classification of questions in the Albanian language using Deep Learning models.
Application for preschool children for learning the Albanian language, numbers games and quizzes.
Web Application for NFT Sales Store.
Controlling environmental factors using Arduino.
Building an E-Commerce system for pharmacy management.
The conception of an application for the management of the register of students' grades in a higher education institution.
Building a web application for online registration of vaccination against Covid-19.
Establishing advanced policies and methodologies for data analysis and security in Big Data structures.
Implementation of Injection techniques in the security of E-commerce sites.
Comparison of XDebug and PCOV, tools for generating code coverage in PHP.
Real Estate Website programmed in Django, Python.
Building a web application for travel management.
Face recognition attendance system
Building a dynamic web application via Python and Javascript using the Django framework and hosting it on Amazon Web Services
Scheduling of cloud resources by means of EC algorithms.
Progressive Web Apps.Building TourMem progressive app in Node.js.
Client application in Java according to the client-server architecture for communication and management of servers with application layer protocols.
Cloud Computing: Integration Services.
Virtual Reality: Market Trends and Future Challenges.
Food- Order Aplikacion web
Identifying suspicious transactions through a predictive model.
Conception of a web application for the location of tourist attractions in Albania.
Web application for online restaurant reservations.
Virtual assistant built in object-oriented language.
Text Classification and Clustering. 
Building a web application in Spring (Java) and Angular (TypeScript)
Development of a website that enables the identification of products of e-commerce businesses through the recognition and comparison of images.
Design and Implementation of an online store. 
Spoken Language Classification Using Deep Learning.
Nutricious
Implementation of Carcasonne Game in C++.
Building a program for testing candidates in the driving school for the device with driving license and evidence.
Web application for booking lesson times
Building an internship web application using Spring,Boot and Angular -Managing job vacancies and internships providing business and career office functionalities. 
Building a web application for professional practice with Spring and Agular technologies. Management of documentation and application opportunities for students as well as system admin functionalities. 
Building a web application for professional practice with Spring and Agular technologies. Management of professional practice classes and student documentation by the university and the lecturer.
Building an Easy Learning web application. 
Internet of things and transmediality.
Building an Android App for NFT.
Building an elastic application in the cloud via Beanstalk.
Identification of facial expressions through machine learning. 
Detecting Parkinson's disease through Machine Learning. 
Use of nanotechnology in IT.
Plagiarism detection using text similarity algorithms and vector space model
Web application for managing the sale and purchase of cars.
Strategy for building a web application for online ordering using new technologies.
Implementing network security - case study.
Analysis and implementation in matlab of DES encryption of information.
Phone game app based on UNITY.
Conception of an application for the management of customers of a "Mobile" company.
University Timetable Management System.
Building an e-commerce web application.
Application of Blockchain technology in the university system.
Web application for software developers.
Creation of an E-Commerce website.
Building an application for purchasing electronic devices using MERN technologies.
Creating a pharmacy distributor application
Breast Cancer Prediction Using Machine Learning. 
Building a web application for food diet control and programming with Spring Boot and Angular framework.
Web application using the Spring MVC framework.
Developing a web project with Nest.js.
Conception of an application for Casino IP management (DRGT).
Building an Ecommerce website for the online sale of a store's products.
Conception of an application for managing a bank's ATM. 
Conception of an application for online ticket management of a cinema
Building a web application for reading and publishing articles.
An e-commerce web application for PC and mobile system.
Analysis of cyber attacks on computer networks and data encryption.
Building a web application using MVC.
Building a mobile application for E-Commerce (My Market).
Building an application for managing the finance department's procedures in SAP ABAP.
Security in Cloud Systems.
Internet Security.
Implementation of special security techniques supported in the OWASP TOP 10 architecture on a web page.
Aplikacion web i ndërtuar në NET 6 Agroprice.
Lan Detection System.
Application of Microsoft technologies in the development of a finance application for SMEs.
Building a social application for travel management.
Prevention of Penetration of the CLOUD Service
Security and Tracking in the most popular Albanian Websites on the Internet
Design and Development of an application to help parents to monitor children's attendance at school
Internet of Things (IOT) Security
Blockchain technology and how to apply it in Supply Chain
The architecture of a datalakehouse and its implementation
Cloud Computing Load Forecasting
NLP techniques in Artificial Intelligence
Digitization of phytopathology with neural networks and autonomous aerial vehicles
Building a mobile application for tracking and managing mental health symptoms
Applications of Virtual Reality in Autism
Weaknesses of Web-based applications and their password cracking techniques
The use of Machine Leaning in the classification, visualization and analysis of data in TWITTER
Automatic testing with Selenium. Difference between VS studio and IntelliJ.
Comparison of methods for detecting prominent objects in images
Reimbursement System for Electric cars
VMWare Bare Metal, VMWare and KVM virtualization performance comparison
Text Classification Using Artificial Intelligence
Implementation and performance testing of the HADOOP system in virtualized environments
Prevention, identification and reduction of advanced cyber attacks in real time by means of "Cyber Masking"
Integrating a security and access platform for medicine on any web-i platform.
Building a face recognition model to retrieve class attendance.
Application of Deep Reinforcement Learning in Traffic Control.
Application of Machine Learning mechanisms for Ransomware detection.
Building a mobile application for organizing events using React-Native.
Android Malware Detection Using Machine Learning Algorithms.
Performance evaluation of applications on Docker and Kubernetes.
Microservices, the transformation from monolithic architecture.
Increasing the security of web applications through Obfuscation.
Simulating a Self-Driving Car Using End-to-End Deep Learning in Keras.
Implementation of wireless sensor networks in cnMaestro.
 Evaluation and analysis of automated testing and artificial intelligence in software provision.
 Comparison between Python and R languages for graphical presentation of data.
 Google Trace workload analysis, comparison between two versions:years 2011 and 2019.
 Creating an E-Commerce Application
 Quantum Computers, and Presentation of the First Example of Deutch-Jozsa Quantum Algorithms
 Creating  an application for managing a travel agency
 Creating a web application for organizing student life.
 Automatic testing for Web applications
 Development of software for injecting packets into computer networks.
 Creating an orthographic corrector for the Albanian language through Machine Learning
 Generation of image descriptions in Albanian language.
 Thesis for obtaining a Bachelor's degree in Computer Engineering
 Implementation of a web application for publishing the original literature of the user.
 Web Application to compare Rest and GRAPHQL
 Web Application
 Implementation of LVS to increase the availability and balance of load in Web services